# surfs_up
Analyzing weather patterns for a Surf and Shake small business venture using Python and Pandas combined with SQLite, SQLAlchemy, and Flask. 
## Weather analysis of June and December in Oahu
- The month of December has about a 37% increase in average rainfall compared to June. This is largely due to the increase in rainfall during large storms. Also in December, there is a larger fluctuation of temperature compared to June. In December, the temperature ranges from 56 degrees to 83 degrees while in June it ranges from 64 degrees to 85 degrees. This leads to the average temperature in June to be greater than in December. Based on this comparison, June seems to be a better month for the surf and shake shop because of the lower participation and higher temperatures. 
## Further analysis recommendations
- To gain a better understanding of the consistency and magnitude of rainfall for each month, Graphing precipitation for each month along with using the describe function on the created databases should be performed. This will help with understanding the data generated by the describe function ensuring that the change in rainfall is from more or less consistent rainfall throughout the month or from large storms during some of the months. 
- To analysis if the consistency of the rainfall is correct, monthly graphs for one year should be generated. This allows us to see if the patterns are consistent with the graphs, containing all the years combined.  
- Using the describe function for temperature per month should also be generated. Because temperature is more consistent, unlike participation, created a graph is not as necessary to find what moths will be better for ice cream sales. If we want to consider special promotions on especially hot days, then analyzing a graph will be far more useful to consider what times during each month are the hottest. 
